+++
title = "Chaff from the Wheat: Characterizing and Determining Valid Bug Reports"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-08-07"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Yuanrui Fan**", "Xin Xia", "David Lo", "Ahmed E. Hassan"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this study, we propose an approach which can determine whether a newly submitted bug report is valid. Our approach first extracts 33 features from bug reports. The extracted features are grouped along 5 dimensions, i.e., reporter experience, collaboration network, completeness, readability and text. Based on these features, we use a random forest classifier to identify valid bug reports. To evaluate the effectiveness of our approach, we experiment on large-scale datasets containing a total of 560,697 bug reports from five open source projects (i.e., Eclipse, Netbeans, Mozilla, Firefox and Thunderbird). On average, across the five datasets, our approach achieves an F1-score for valid bug reports and F1-score for invalid ones of 0.74 and 0.67, respectively. Moreover, our approach achieves an average AUC of 0.81. In terms of AUC and F1-scores for valid and invalid bug reports, our approach statistically significantly outperforms two baselines using features that are proposed by Zanetti et al. [99]. We also study the most important features that distinguish valid bug reports from invalid ones. We find that the textual features of a bug report and reporter’s experience are the most important factors to distinguish valid bug reports from invalid ones."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
#selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "papers/fan2018-validbug.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
links = [{name="Link", url="https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8428477/"},
         {name="Supplementary", url="https://github.com/YuanruiZJU/TSE-Valid-Bug"}]


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

+++
